fix: Line opacity shading during overlap (#7490)
maplibre/maplibre-gl-js: CHANGELOG.md

- _...Add new stuff here..._

### 🐞 Bug fixes

> - Fix transparent, overlapping lines creating weird artefacts ([#7490](https://github.com/maplibre/maplibre-gl-js/pull/7490)) (by [@CommanderStorm](https://github.com/CommanderStorm))

Author: ```suggestion
- Fix transparent, overlapping lines creating artefacts. This is fixed for `line-oppacity`, but purposefully not for transparent `line-color` propertys, thus still allowing transparent colors to stack their effect. ([#7490](https://github.com/maplibre/maplibre-gl-js/pull/7490)) (by [@CommanderStorm](https://github.com/CommanderStorm))
```

- Add a new map creation option, `terrainSkirtLength`, which allows the removal of visually unappealing vertical artifacts when using a terrain along with a transparent background ([#7523](https://github.com/maplibre/maplibre-gl-js/pull/7523)) (by [@safwat-halaby](https://github.com/safwat-halaby))

### 🐞 Bug fixes

> - Fix transparent, overlapping lines creating artefacts. This is fixed for `line-opacity`, but purposefully not for transparent `line-color` properties, thus still allowing transparent colors to stack their effect. ([#7490](https://github.com/maplibre/maplibre-gl-js/pull/7490)) (by [@CommanderStorm](https://github.com/CommanderStorm))

Author: ```suggestion
- ⚠️ Fix transparent, overlapping lines creating artefacts. This is fixed for `line-opacity`, but purposefully not for transparent `line-color` properties, thus still allowing transparent colors to stack their effect. ([#7490](https://github.com/maplibre/maplibre-gl-js/pull/7490)) (by [@CommanderStorm](https://github.com/CommanderStorm))
```
